All right, sweet pea, it's
time for you to go to bed.
Mommy, would you ask
Daddy to come tuck me in?
No, he's at work
tonight at the fire station.
But he'll be home
tomorrow night.
Mommy, I want to marry Daddy.
Ha-ha-ha. You do?
Catherine, you
can't marry Daddy.
He's my husband.
Well, when you're
done being married,
can I have him?
Ha-ha. We'll never be done.
You'll have to marry
somebody else.
Can I wear a white
dress and white gloves?
Sure, if you want to.
Will we live happily after ever?
Mm-hm. If you marry somebody
who really, really loves you.
Like Daddy?
Yes, like Daddy.
Terrell, man, my bad out there.
This ain't no game. You
playing with people lives.
Come on, man.
Eric, he's got a right
to be upset with you.
You left him in a dangerous
spot and tried to be a hero.
But captain, I thought I
heard someone calling for help.
It was coming from
outside the building.
It was dark, I couldn't see.
That's why you stay
with your partner.
He had no choice but to assume
that something happened to
you and you needed his help.
You never leave your
partner, especially in a fire.
You give him some time
and then give him an apology.
And make it sincere.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Tasha.
Oh, hey, Cat.
Just saw you on
TV. Looking good.
Oh, I missed it. I was giving
a tour of the new cancer wing.
Hey, has Robin left yet?
No, she's here.
Robin, Cat's here.
Hey. How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
Good. Hey, are we
still on for tomorrow?
Yeah, 4:00. You still want
those scented candles, right?
Oh, absolutely. Bring 'em on.
I wanna try them all. Good.
Hey, I'm going to see
my parents this weekend.
I thought they
might like some too.
Oh, how are they?
Do you know it's been a
year since Mom's stroke?
Well, I've been trying to
get her a new hospital bed
and wheelchair, but their
insurance doesn't cover it.
I don't know. It's so
frustrating for my dad.
He wants to help her too,
but, I mean, he
can't afford it either.
I am so sorry.
Yeah, it's all right.
Anyway, well, I need to run,
but I'll see you
tomorrow, right?
Right. I'll see you.
Okay, bye. Bye.
Oh.
Hey, Catherine.
I'm so sorry, Dr. Keller.
Call me Gavin, please.
Gavin, sorry for
almost running you over.
Anytime. It's good to see you.
You too. Take care.
Sweet girl.
Tasha, will you
file this for me?
Sure, doctor.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say the doctor
has a thing for Cat.
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
Hi, sweetheart. Hey, Daddy.
How are you?
Oh, great. Good to see you.
You too.
Hey, Mama.
How are you, huh?
She's doing great today.
Could I get you
something to drink, dear?
Uh, do you have any sweet tea?
With lemon?
Ha. You know me.
Oh, Mama, I wish we could talk.
It's been so long since
I heard your voice.
I miss you.
You have breakfast already?
- Yes.
What'd you eat?
I had the last
bagel and a yogurt.
Are you planning on
making a grocery trip soon?
Caleb, you work 24 hours
and then you're off for 48.
You've got more
time to go than I do.
Hey, I just asked
you a simple question.
You don't need to
get smart with me.
You could save
me some breakfast.
I never know when
you're coming or going.
You don't tell me these things.
Catherine, what is your problem?
Did I offend you by walking
in the door this morning?
No. You just can't expect
me to work every day
and still get the groceries
while you sit home looking
at trash on the Internet
and dreaming about
getting your boat.
You chose to take this job.
And no one said you
had to work full-time.
We need the income.
Especially since you tuck
away a third of your salary
saving for a boat we don't need.
You've got $24,000 in savings
while we have things in
our house that need fixing.
Like what?
The back door
needs to be painted,
the yard needs
better landscaping.
And I keep telling you I wanna
put more shelves in the closet.
Those are called preferences,
Catherine. Those are not needs.
There's a difference. If you
wanna spend your money
on that stuff, go ahead. Fine.
But I've been saving
for my boat for years.
You're not taking that from me.
This is so pointless. I
don't have time for this.
Yeah, shut the door
on your way out.
♪ I've been saving her
For weeks, you know ♪
♪ It's time to let her go ♪
It ain't working, Michael.
How is it that I get
respect everywhere I go
except in my own house?
I've been there, and
it's a hard place to be.
What'd you do about it?
I realized that it wasn't my
marriage that was broken.
I just didn't know
how to make it work.
What does that mean?
That treadmill's not broken,
but if you don't
know how to run it,
it ain't gonna work for you.
You saying I need counseling?
Well, I think everybody
needs counseling.
Hey, look, man, I
am not about to go
talk to somebody
I don't even know
about something that's
none of their business.
All right. Catherine
does need to respect you.
But just remember,
a woman's like a rose.
If you treat her
right, she'll bloom.
If you don't, she'll wilt.
Where'd you get that?
Counseling.
Great.
What are you doing?
I see you left me no pizza.
Caleb, I just lit that candle.
I like the way it smells.
Well, I don't. Did you
leave me any dinner at all?
I assumed you were
eating with Michael.
Does it not occur to you
that there are two people
living in this house, and
both of them need to eat?
You know what, Caleb? If you
would communicate with me,
maybe I could have
something for you.
Why do you have to make
everything so difficult?
Oh, I'm making
everything difficult?
Seems to me like I'm
carrying the weight around here
while you're off
doing your own thing.
Excuse me? I'm the one out there
working to pay this mortgage,
and I pay for both of the cars.
Yeah, and that's all you do.
I pay all of our
bills with my salary.
Which you agreed
to do. That's fair.
Do you not like this house?
Do you not like your car?
Oh, Caleb, who takes
care of this house?
Me. Who washes all the clothes?
Me. Who gets all the groceries?
Me. Not to mention I'm helping
my parents every weekend.
You know, I've got
all this pressure on me,
and the only thing you ever
do for anybody is for yourself.
Let me tell you
something, you don't know
the first thing about pressure.
All right? You think I-I put
out house fires for myself?
Or...? Or rush to car
wrecks at 2 a.m. for myself?
Or pull a child's body
out of a lake for myself?
You have no idea
what I go through.
Oh, yeah, but what do you do
around here other than watch TV
and waste time on the
Internet? You know what?
If looking at that trash is
how you get fulfilled, that's fine,
but I will not compete with it.
Well, I sure don't
get it from you.
And you won't.
Because you care more
about saving for
your stupid boat
and pleasing yourself
than you ever did about me.
Shut up! I'm sick of you!
You disrespectful,
ungrateful, selfish woman!
I'm not selfish.
How dare you say that to me?
You constantly nag me and
you drain the life out of me!
I'm tired of it!
If you can't give me
the respect I deserve...
Look at me!
Then what's the
point of this marriage?
I want out.
I just want out.
If you want out,
that's fine with me!
Mr. Rudolph.
Caleb.
That's it.
All right.
Think we got it.
We're good to go.
I think I got this.
You think you know the truck?
Yeah. All right.
I'll tell you what.
We're gonna go inside
and get something to drink.
You bring me a hose stretcher.
All right.
That's mean, man.
Nah, it's good for him.
Mother's gifts. Okay.
And... You know what?
I forgot to tell you.
I got Friday off
and I'll be there.
Good.
You know I ain't
gonna let my son down.
I know you won't.
Hey, we still got that
hot date tomorrow, right?
Oh, so now it's a hot date?
Mm. Life's too short
to have any other kind.
You're right.
I love you, baby.
Oh, I love you too.
And I will see
you in the morning.
All right. Back home.
All right, see you later.
Eric, what are you doing?
Um, Wayne told me to
grab a hose stretcher.
A hose stretcher?
Yes, sir.
Eric, you are the
hose stretcher.
Man.
Honey, I agree with
you. You gotta get out.
He don't deserve you.
You can say that again. A
real man's gotta be a hero
to his wife before he
can be to anybody else,
or he ain't a real man.
Catherine, do you
need a place to stay?
I can't imagine living in the
same house with that man.
No, I decided lat night that
I am not the one leaving.
He's the problem, not me.
That's right, girl.
Stand your ground.
Make him respect you.
If there's one thing
a man understands...
It's respect. That's the issue.
That's the reason
our marriage is failing.
She shows me no respect at all.
And the saddest
part about it is...
He doesn't have a clue.
He thinks our marriage has
been fine for the most part.
Mm. You know,
he probably thinks...
Our marriage has
been fine until this year.
Now, all of a sudden,
she goes off the deep end.
Do you really think this
happened all of a sudden?
I don't know what to think.
I don't understand her.
She's emotional
about everything.
She's easily offended
and way too sensitive.
I mean, he's so
insensitive, you know?
He doesn't truly
care how I feel.
He doesn't listen to me.
Even if I say it over
and over and over again.
And then she starts
nagging me, and...
And saying I don't
listen to her, or...
Or something like that.
It drives me crazy. I
feel like I'm going...
Insane.
You know, he doesn't
understand my needs.
I feel like we are
completely and totally...
Incompatible.
She's probably
whining to her friends,
making me sound like a criminal.
I can see 'em all
right now, crying,
having some sort of group hug.
It's gonna be okay, sweetie.
It's gonna be all right.
You'll get through this.
We have... We have your back.
Whatever you need.
So you think it's past
the point of no return?
I don't have a reason to return.
♪ I'm a son of a good man ♪
♪ I'm a child of an angel ♪
Bethany.
Hey, Kyle. Hey,
Ross. What's going on?
What are y'all doing?
We're heading to the pizza
bar to meet some friends.
Y'all wanna come?
Sure.
Hey, we'll race you there.
And if you win, we'll buy.
Ready, set...
Go, go, go!
Hey, Dad.
No, not really.
I think Catherine
and I are done.
No, it's over.
She said she wants out.
Um, sure, yeah, you
can come over tomorrow.
I'll be home.
Dad, I gotta go.
Public Safety to
Engine 1, Battalion 1.
Respond to the intersection
of Roosevelt and Kelley,
10-50-I rescue.
Time out, 12:21. CALEB:
Hey, that's close by.
Lieutenant, you and Terrell take
the other truck and go with us.
10-4.
Okay, let's roll.
Engine 1 is en route
to Roosevelt and Kelley,
10-50 rescue.
10-4, Engine 1.
Lieutenant, you and Sanders
have the Hurst tools ready
if we need them.
You stay with me
when we pull up.
Yes, sir.
We've already got a crowd.
Can you see it?
We've got one car on the tracks.
- You're kidding.
Oh, it doesn't look good.
Engine 1, it's 10-23.
We have a two-vehicle accident
with possible entrapment.
One of the vehicles
is on the train tracks.
Notify the train dispatcher
to stop all trains in progress.
10-4, Command. Be
advised, EMS is en route.
Rookie, you come with me.
Yes, sir. WAYNE: Let's go.
Sanders, you two
go check out the car.
Let me know what you got. I
need an inch-and-three-quarter line.
Harmon, you check
out the passenger.
All right, I need you all
to stay clear of the tracks
and the vehicle.
I'm Captain Holt from the
Albany Fire Department.
We're here to help.
Help me, please.
I can't get out. CALEB:
Where are you hurting?
My... My legs are hurting.
Please... Please help me.
All right, we're gonna help you.
Okay.
Where else are you hurting?
My... My neck is hurting.
Please, please help.
We're gonna get you out of
here. You're gonna be just fine.
Please don't leave me.
Please don't let me die.
I promise you I am
not going to leave you.
You're gonna be all right.
- Captain.
She's alive but not responding.
Get the spreaders. Yes, sir.
Captain, those two will be
okay. They've got minor injuries.
We have to cut these two
out. Sanders, help Harmon.
Check for gas leaks. Yes, sir.
Ma'am, we've got an
ambulance coming.
I'm gonna stay
here with you. Okay.
In a moment, you'll
hear a very loud noise.
That just means we're
getting you out faster.
Okay. All right.
You're gonna be all right. Okay.
Captain, did I
just hear a train?
Guys, there's a train coming!
Dispatcher, this is
Roosevelt Command.
We have a car
on the train tracks.
Notify the train dispatcher
to stop all trains in progress.
Roosevelt Command, be advised
we are currently
unable to make contact
with the train dispatcher.
No, no, no. We don't
have time. Come on,
we're gonna have to push it
out of the way. Let's go, let's go!
I don't wanna die.
All right, let's go. Push. Push.
It's not rolling. We
gotta drag it off.
All right. Get the chain.
Hey, Wayne, hook up the
chain. Hook up the chain.
Hey, there's a train!
Captain, we gotta pick this up.
All right, grab the front.
Lift on three. One, two, three.
Again. One, two, three.
Again. Let's go. We're
getting this car off the tracks.
One, two, three.
Ow, my legs. Ow.
Again. One, two, three.
Again, captain.
Get me out! CALEB:
One, two, three.
Harmon, go back
and get the spreaders.
Medic!
You all right?
Come on, let's go.
You'll be okay. You're
gonna be all right.
Is she okay?
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, God.
Oh.
Are you okay?
Captain, I just needed a minute.
Well, I broke my
record of how close
I could come to
death and still live.
Well, don't break it next time.
I wasn't trying to
break it this time.
Hey.
Don't tell my wife.
Hey, lieutenant?
Yeah?
This kind of thing doesn't
happen all the time, does it?
Risking our lives?
Yes.
Playing chicken with a train?
First time.
Aren't you afraid of dying?
No. 'Cause I know
where I'm going.
I just don't wanna get there
'cause I got hit by a train.
Why don't you come help
me work on some dinner?
All right.
Hey, captain, hold
on for a second.
You know where you're going?
I'm going to my office.
No.
You believe in heaven and hell?
I don't know.
When I die, I'm
going in the ground.
That's where I'm staying.
You know, you and
Michael both seem so sure,
but one of you is wrong.
It ain't me.
How do you know?
Hey, listen, you might
not agree with Michael,
but you and I both
know he's the real deal.
Son, how long has
this been going on?
I don't know, Dad. We've had
our arguments now and then,
but it seems like now she is
constantly frustrated with me.
I mean, I walk in the door and
she's mad about something.
Have you given her
reason to be upset?
I've never known Catherine
to be unreasonable.
I could have saved the
lives of two people at work,
and if I'm not here
helping wash the dishes,
I'm a horrible husband.
But, Caleb, she needs
your help here as well.
Doesn't she help her
parents out every week?
She can't do
everything around here.
You sound like
you're taking her side.
Caleb, she's working
every day, and she's trying...
Mom, I do not
need you to tell me
I'm doing everything wrong.
I've got Catherine for that.
I am not the problem,
she is. All I'm saying is,
if she's working... Cheryl,
let's hear Caleb out.
I wanna know what's
going on with him.
Dad, can I please have a few
minutes to talk with you, alone?
Caleb, I just wanna
help you and Catherine.
Dad.
Honey.
Why don't you
let us take a walk?
It's all right.
Okay.
Dad, why did you
have to bring her?
Caleb, because she's
my wife, and your mother.
No one loves you more than her.
She just... She's
always fixing me.
She's still trying to fix me.
I'm not broken.
Son, if you're looking
for a perfect mother,
I'm afraid there's
not one out there.
But she's a good woman.
And I love her now
more than I ever have.
I'm not saying I don't love
her, Dad. I... Just that she...
She... She grates on me.
Have you not seen a change
in her in the last two years?
Y-Yeah, she... She
treats you better.
But you've also put up
with a lot over the years.
Well, so has she.
Dad, I'm glad
you didn't split up,
but I would have
understood if you had.
Do you know why we didn't?
Not really.
She realized she
couldn't do any better?
Not quite.
Caleb, the Lord
did a work in us.
In both of us.
The Lord?
Uh, you're giving credit to God?
Why does that bother you?
You've always believed in God.
If there's a God out
there somewhere, Dad,
he's not interested in
me and my problems.
I disagree.
I'd say he's very interested.
Then where's he been in my life?
I'd say he's been at
work all around you.
You just haven't realized it.
You haven't exactly given
him an open invitation.
What is this place?
Used to be a summer
camp across the lake.
I think this must
be a part of it.
Son, I used to be
where you are right now.
God didn't matter to me.
But I can't say that anymore.
I never understood why
Jesus had to die on the cross...
D-Dad... Dad, please. Uh...
We had this
conversation last month.
I'm glad this new faith is
working for you and Mom,
I really am.
It's just...
It's not for me.
Caleb,
is there anything in you that
wants to save your marriage?
Maybe. If Catherine
wanted to, but she doesn't.
She wants divorce.
Is that what you want?
I want peace.
But what difference
does it make?
She signs the papers,
Dad, it's all over.
Have you agreed to
start the process with her?
No, but I think we
both understand
where this is all headed.
I've got plans to meet
with my lawyer tomorrow.
Caleb, I want you to
do something for me.
What?
I want you to hold off on
the divorce for 40 days.
Why?
I'm gonna send you
something in the mail,
something that'll take
you that long to do.
What is it?
It's what saved our marriage.
Dad, if this is a religious
thing, I'd rather you didn't.
Look at it as a gift
from your father.
Take one day at a time,
then see what happens.
Please, son.
If for no other
reason, do it for me.
I'm asking as your father.
Forty days?
Forty days.
Eating alone?
Well, hello, Dr. Keller.
Gavin. Gavin, sorry.
How are you? I'm doing well.
I just, uh, need a place
to put my plate down.
Is this spot reserved?
Oh, um, well,
Deidra was supposed
to meet me, but you're
welcome to join us.
Well, if you're gonna twist my
arm, I don't want any trouble.
Are you gonna eat wearing
your clean white coat?
Well, I do need to keep
up with the latest fashions.
It seems all the doctors
are wearing one these days.
But it's probably not too
smart while I'm eating.
I didn't know doctors
cared about fashion.
Well, we have to keep up
with the attractive fashions
the Public Relations
employees wear.
I see.
Well, since there's only
one person in that category,
I'm sure she'd feel honored.
She should.
She's pretty amazing.
Hey, you look good.
Thanks.
I try to take care of myself.
You like this song?
Oh, yeah.
You feel that?
It's called chemistry,
and we got it.
Wayne won't leave you.
♪ I'm tired of you twisting
My words, playing the victim ♪
Hey, man, you
seen my bag in here?
No, I ain't seen it.
All right. It's
probably in my locker.
♪ Why you lookin'
In my closet? ♪
♪ When your skeletons... ♪
Where were we? ♪ Why
don't you let me go? ♪
♪ When your friends hate me
And your mom thinks I'm crazy ♪
♪ Pitchin' that you're game
Makes me look like I'm shady ♪
♪ I'm not 'Cause I
was really never in ♪
♪ I'm just a geek, remember?
Janey, never call me again ♪
Oh, come on!
Whoo! That ain't funny.
This ain't no show.
This is me time.
Terrell!
Wayne.
Forty days?
Does Catherine know?
I'm not gonna tell her.
If she wants to go ahead
and file, that's up to her.
Divorce is a hard thing, man.
Well, if it brings peace...
But Caleb, you want
the right kind of peace.
What do you mean by that?
You know what that ring
on your finger means?
Means I'm married. Yeah.
Well, it also means you
made a lifelong covenant,
you putting on that ring
while saying your vows.
The sad part about it is,
when most people promise
for better or for worse,
they really only
mean for the better.
Catherine and I were in love
when we got married,
but today, ahem,
we're two very different
people, all right?
It's just not working
out anymore.
Caleb, salt and pepper
are completely different.
Their makeup is different,
their taste and their color.
But you always see 'em together.
And when you...
Hold on just a second.
What are you doing?
Michael.
Hey.
What'd you do that for?
Caleb, when two
people get married,
it's for better or for worse.
For richer or for poorer.
In sickness and in health.
I know that.
But marriages aren't fireproof.
Sometimes, you get burned.
Fireproof doesn't mean
that a fire will never come,
but that when it comes,
you'll be able to withstand it.
You didn't have to
glue 'em together.
Don't do it, Caleb. If
you pull 'em apart now,
you'll break either
one or both of 'em.
I am not a perfect person,
but better than most.
And if my marriage is
failing, it is not all my fault.
But, Caleb, man, I've seen
you run into a burning building
to save people you
don't even know,
but you're gonna let
your own marriage
just burn to the ground.
Michael, you are my friend.
And I have allowed you to
speak freely with me on this job.
Don't abuse it.
My son, this 40-day journey
cannot be taken lightly.
It is a challenging and
often difficult process
but an incredibly
fulfilling one.
If you will commit to a
day at a time for 40 days,
the results could change
your life and your marriage.
Consider it a dare from others
who have done it before you.
Day one:
The first part of this
dare is fairly simple.
Although love is communicated
in a number of ways,
our words often reflect
the condition of our heart.
For the next day, resolve to say
nothing negative
to your spouse at all.
If the temptation arises,
choose not to say anything.
It's better to hold your tongue
than to say
something you'll regret.
Be quick to listen, slow to
speak and slow to get angry.
James 1:19.
Would you have time to take
that to the dry-cleaners today?
Think after two days off,
you would have already
taken care of that.
Day two:
It is difficult to
demonstrate love
when you feel little
to no motivation.
But love in its truest sense
is not based on feelings,
but a determination to
show thoughtful actions
even when there
seems to be no reward.
In addition to saying nothing
negative to your spouse today,
do at least one
unexpected gesture
as an act of kindness.
I poured your coffee.
I don't have time for coffee.
Day three:
Whatever you put your
time, energy and money into
will become more
important to you.
It's hard to care for something
you're not investing in.
Along with refraining from
any negative comments,
buy your wife
something that says
you were thinking of her today.
Yeah, I need to order
some flowers or something
for my wife.
No. No, it doesn't matter.
Sure. How much does that cost?
Forty-five?
Do you have something cheaper?
Yeah, yeah, that...
That's more like it.
Let's go with the 25.
How about, um...?
How about a box of
chocolates or something?
How much is that?
Oh.
You're killing me.
That's better.
Okay, how about...? How
about a little stuffed bear?
All right, forget the bear.
Okay, how long
is it gonna take you
to throw something
like that together?
Man, you done lost your mind.
Terrell, I can
bench 300 right now.
For real?
Why can't we all come to
the same obvious conclusion?
That I am the man.
All I know is the man left
the thermal-imaging device
on the bumper of the truck
last night. Mm-hm.
That's an $8000 piece
of equipment, Wayne.
All right. My bad, captain.
But that still doesn't change
the fact when it comes
to difficult situations,
I can take it. Man, I
can't take this much ego.
Wayne, you've been bragging
on yourself for 10 minutes, man.
It ain't bragging if it's true.
Last week at the apartment
fire, I pulled off two attack lines,
laid my own supply
line and caught a hydrant
in under two minutes.
So? There's other folks
that could do that, man.
Not from this station.
Tom McBride could.
At Station 4? Are you kidding?
He might do it in two and a
half but he can't do it under two.
I don't know. Captain,
he's strong, but
he's not as fast.
I could take him
any day of the week.
Wayne, you seem
pretty high on yourself.
I think confidence
is a good thing,
but you're over the top.
Man, he way over the top.
I can back it up.
That's all I'm saying.
Wrath of God, baby.
What's that for?
We're about to
have a little contest.
We're just gonna see if
Wayne really is the man.
That is, if he's
for the challenge.
Oh, I'm all about this.
All right.
I'll go first.
What are...? What
are you gonna do?
Michael, time me.
You got it. Ready?
Go.
No way.
Man, you crazy.
He gonna drink the whole thing.
Twenty-three seconds.
Whoo-hoo.
All right, man. You're up.
All right.
That was impressive.
Till I do it under 20.
Time me.
Oh, I'll time you.
Ready? Ladies.
Go.
Oh, it's hot. ERIC:
Come on, Wayne.
Go, Wayne.
Ten seconds, Wayne.
I though you could take it.
You gotta drink that, bro.
Fourteen seconds, Wayne.
Come on. Aah!
It burns!
Where the man at now, huh?
I thought he said
he could take it.
Aah!
My mouth's on fire!
Captain, how'd you do that, man?
You could do it too, Terrell,
if you replaced yours
with tomato juice.
So funny. That is classic.
That was awesome.
Dr. Anderson?
Hi, I just wanted to remind you
about your interview
in 10 minutes.
Catherine, thank you.
I'll certainly be there.
Sure, and congratulations on
your cancer-research award.
You deserve it.
I appreciate that.
This is Catherine.
Hey, it's Caleb.
I wanted to call
and check on you.
You wanted to check on me?
What for?
Uh, you know, just see
if you needed anything.
You called to see if
I needed anything?
Right, yeah.
Uh, you want me to bring
something home for you, or...?
Or get something from
the store in the morning?
Caleb, you never asked me
this before. What's going on?
I just wanted to see if you
needed anything, that's it.
I'm fine.
Okay.
All right, well...
goodbye.
Day four, ahem, done.
Hey, Cat, how you doing, girl?
Confused.
Uh, my husband's acting weird.
What's he doing?
Well...
in the last few days,
he has fixed me coffee,
bought me these
pitiful little flowers
and just now, called just
to see if I'm doing okay.
Really?
Yeah.
I'll tell you what he's doing.
He's trying to butter
you up for a divorce.
And why would he do that?
Before my cousin
Luwanna got a divorce,
her husband did the same thing.
He started acting
all nice and sweet,
and then the next thing we know,
he walks away with the
house and most of their money.
He hasn't even
talked to her since.
Don't you let him
deceive you, girl.
Mm.
Did you clear your history?
What?
Did you wipe the websites off
so nobody would see
where you've been?
You know, Caleb, you're
not fooling anybody.
I know exactly what
you're trying to do,
buying me flowers
and calling me at work.
And what is that?
I'm meeting with a
lawyer next week,
and don't you
think for one second
I'm buying into this
nice-guy routine.
What are you talking about?
You're not getting one
dime more than you deserve.
When this divorce is
final, I'm taking my share.
Is that what you
think I'm doing?
No, I know that's
what you're doing.
Yeah, well, you're wrong.
You never assume
I would do anything
worthy of respect.
Anything honorable.
Honorable?
Honorable? What were
you just looking at, Caleb?
What was on that
computer screen?
Was that honorable?
Who do you think you're fooling?
Do you know why your
sweet little gestures
mean nothing to me?
It's because that's the
kind of man you've become.
When you're alone,
that's what you default to,
and there is nothing
honorable about it.
Mr. Rudolph.
Caleb.
Hello?
It's not working, Dad.
What's not working?
This whole love dare
thing. It is not working.
Tell me what's going on.
I have been doing
everything that it says to do,
and she has completely
rejected all of it.
Caleb, this process
takes 40 days, not four.
What's the point of going
down a dead-end road
when you know it's
not going anywhere?
You don't know that yet.
Caleb, you're not a quitter.
And something tells me you're
doing just enough to get by.
Am I right?
I feel nothing.
I understand, son.
But this is not
based on feelings.
It's a decision.
You can't give up yet.
Keep taking a day at a time.
Tsk.
Yes, sir.
I love you, son.
You too, Dad.
How is he?
We've gotta start
praying for him more.
Mama, I don't know what to do.
I know you always
told me to hang on
during the hard times, but...
You don't know what
I've been competing with.
I mean, when he look...
He makes me feel so humiliated.
And he doesn't even know it.
When did I stop being
good enough for him?
♪ It's a slow fade ♪
♪ When you give yourself away ♪
♪ When black and white
Have turned to gray ♪
♪ Thoughts invade ♪
♪ Choices are made ♪
♪ A price will be paid ♪
♪ When you give yourself away ♪
♪ People never
crumble In a day ♪
♪ It's a slow fade ♪
So, what day are you on?
Eighteen. And?
And it's still difficult.
Every day has me adding a
new concept to the way I treat her.
For example?
Well, here.
Day 16 was about
praying for her.
I kind of skipped that one.
Day 17 is about
listening to her.
Eighteen's about
studying her again.
Studying her? Yeah.
Here.
"When a man is trying to
win the heart of a woman,
"he studies her.
"He learns her likes,
dislikes, habits and hobbies.
"But after he wins her
heart and marries her,
"he often stops
learning about her.
"If the amount he studied
her before marriage
"was equal to a
high school degree,
"he should continue
to learn about her
"until he gains a college
degree, a master's degree
"and ultimately, a
doctorate degree.
"It is a lifelong journey
that draws his heart
ever closer to hers."
That's a pretty good concept.
I never thought
about it like that.
So do you study Tina?
Yeah, but I don't think I got
my college degree on her yet.
So tell me a little bit more
about the studying her.
Ah, I'm supposed to, uh,
make her a candlelight dinner,
and then ask her a
whole list of questions.
Well, my advice is go all out.
Meaning?
Don't go cheap.
If you don't cook, get it
from a good restaurant.
Take it home, use
your best dishes,
glasses, music, everything.
Make it a memorable date.
Man, what you talking about?
You ain't had a date in a year.
I'm like a fine wine.
I need about 35 years
to reach perfection.
But the lady that
gets Wayne Floyd,
she'll get the complete package.
You mean complete wreckage.
No.
I'm 255 pounds of pure love.
All you need to
make marriage work
is a little bit of romance.
And that comes from right here.
Man, that's easy to say when
you ain't never been married.
It's a lot harder
than you think, man.
One day I'm gonna walk in here
with a tanned beauty on my arm.
I'll show you how
easy it can be.
Man, the only thing
you'll come in here with
hanging from your arm
is a bucket of chicken.
It was tomato juice.
Tomato juice? Man, that's wrong!
That's wrong. What's wrong?
I drank the real stuff and
he drank tomato juice?
You just got that?
Do you know what
that stuff did to me?
Go to bed, Wayne.
There's some
serious repercussions!
Quiet.
Oh, it's on now.
Done lit a fuse.
Somebody's gonna get
a karate-chop sandwich.
What are you doing?
Maybe I'd like to have
dinner with my wife.
Let me be real clear
with you about something.
I do not love you.
Oh, son.
This is when it gets hard.
Hello, Caleb.
We're done, Dad.
I am not gonna keep doing this.
I have tried and
there's nothing there.
It's not worth it.
I understand, son, but
you're halfway there,
which was the most
difficult for us too.
But at least you had some
hope. She has given me nothing.
There was a point when
we had no hope either.
Our marriage should
have ended, Caleb.
You can't listen to the
way you feel at the moment.
There's no doubt
she's seen you trying.
No, she doesn't care, Dad.
None of this means
anything to her.
Dad, I tried.
Caleb, are you off tomorrow?
Yeah, why?
I'm coming to see
you. We can talk then.
Dad, you don't have to do that.
I want to, son.
I'd like to come.
All right.
Dad, I gotta be honest with you.
I feel bad that you drove four
hours just to come see me.
It was good. It gave me
time to think and pray.
So, uh, what are you on, Day 20?
Yeah, yeah, something like that.
Yeah. I'd say the halfway
point was the hardest for us.
Why?
Well, it's when you determine
whether your
heart's in it or not.
Makes you check
your real motives
when things get difficult.
Yeah? Did Mom
give you a hard time?
No. I thought your mother had
a pretty good attitude about it.
Yeah, well, Catherine's
not buying any of it.
Why do you think that is?
Because she doesn't love me.
She doesn't even like me.
Dad, she's just about
ignored everything I've done.
Are you reading
everything on each page?
You mean the Bible
verses at the bottom of it?
No, I'm not, Dad. I...
I told you, that is
not what I need.
And what do you need?
I need Catherine to
wake up to the fact
that we are about to
get an ugly divorce.
And I'm trying to prevent that,
but I cannot do it by myself.
That may be true, but I
think you need more than that.
Dad, if you're gonna tell me
I need Jesus, please don't.
I... I don't need a
crutch to get through life.
Oh, son, Jesus is
much more than a crutch.
He's become the most
significant part of our lives.
Dad, why do you
keep saying that?
He's the most significant
part? How...? How is that?
When I realized who I
was and who he was,
I realized my need for him.
I needed his
forgiveness and salvation.
See, I... I don't
understand that.
Why do I need his salvation?
What, am I gonna
be thrown into hell?
For what? Because
I got divorced?
No.
Because you
violated his standards.
What? Thou shall not kill?
Dad, I help people.
I am a good person.
According to you.
But God doesn't judge
by your standards.
He uses his.
And what are his?
Well, truth.
Okay. Love.
I'm honest. Faithfulness.
I care about people.
I am those things.
Sometimes.
But have you loved God,
the one who gave you life?
His standards are so high, he
considers hatred to be murder
and lust to be adultery.
Oh, Dad, what about
all the good I've done?
Son, saving someone from a fire
does not make
you right with God.
You've broken his commandments.
And one day, you'll
answer to him for that.
Caleb,
if I were to ask you why you're
so frustrated with Catherine,
what would you say?
She's stubborn.
She makes everything
difficult for me.
She's ungrateful.
She's constantly
griping about something.
Has she thanked you for anything
you've done the last 20 days?
No.
And you'd think
after I washed the car,
I've changed the oil, do
the dishes, clean the house,
that she would try to show
me a little bit of gratitude.
Well, she doesn't.
In fact, when I come home,
she makes me feel
like I'm an enemy.
I'm not even welcome
in my own home, Dad.
That is what
really ticks me off.
Dad, for the last three weeks,
I have bent over
backwards for her.
I have tried to demonstrate
that I still care about
this relationship.
I bought her flowers,
which she threw away.
I have taken her
insults and her sarcasm,
but last night was it.
I made dinner for her,
I did everything I
could to demonstrate
that I care about her,
to show value for her,
and she spat in my face.
She does not deserve this,
Dad. I am not doing it anymore.
How am I supposed to
show love to somebody
over and over and over,
who constantly rejects me?
That's a good question.
Dad, that is not what I'm doing.
Isn't it?
No...
Dad, that is not
what this is about.
Son, you just asked me:
"How can someone show
love over and over again,
when they're
constantly rejected?"
Caleb, the answer is:
You can't love her,
because you can't give
her what you don't have.
I couldn't truly
love your mother
till I understood
what love really was.
It's not because I get
some reward out of it.
I've now made a decision
to love your mother
whether she deserves it or not.
Son, God loves you even
though you don't deserve it.
Even though you've rejected him.
Spat in his face.
God sent Jesus
to die on the cross
and take the
punishment for your sin
because he loves you.
The cross was offensive
to me until I came to it.
But when I did,
Jesus Christ changed my life.
That's when I truly
began to love your mom.
Son, I can't
settle this for you.
This is between
you and the Lord.
But I love you too much
not to tell you the truth.
Can't you see that you need him?
Can't you see that you
need his forgiveness?
Yes.
Will you trust
him with your life?
Waffle time.
Hey, man, I'd like to talk
to you about something.
What's that?
Well... Hey, captain.
I think B shift is trying
to pull a joke on us, man.
Salt and pepper
shaker won't come apart.
Hey, toss them over here.
Thanks, man. Don't forget to
mop the kitchen after breakfast.
Yes, sir.
You wanna tell me something?
Uh, it's about your faith.
My faith?
Yeah.
What about it?
Well, I'm in.
You're in?
Yeah, I'm in.
Are you saying that
you wanna be in?
I'm saying I'm in.
You're really in? I'm really in.
'Cause you can't be
half in and say you're in.
You gotta be all in,
brother. I'm saying I'm all in.
Oh, Caleb, I can't
believe it, man!
Yeah. You're my brother.
I'm your brother? Yeah, man.
You're my brother
from another mother,
but now we got the same father.
What? I'll explain
it to you later, man.
This is awesome.
Does Catherine know? Uh, no.
No, I don't think
she'd care right now,
to tell you the truth.
She hasn't been taking too
well to this whole love dare thing.
But you're not done yet, right?
No, I'm day 21 out of 40.
But I'll be honest with
you. Up to this point,
my heart's not been in
it. That's what matters.
A woman can tell when you're
just going through the motions.
That's absolutely right.
Hey, let me ask you a question.
Go ahead.
How did you get off to
such a good start with Tina?
I mean, why is it
so easy for you?
Oh, it's not always been
easy. Marriage takes work, man.
Tina is an incredible wife.
But we learned a lot
of lessons the hard way.
Well,
at least you haven't
had to face divorce.
I wish that were true.
What does that mean?
You and Tina been
struggling that much?
Not me and Tina. But
I did with my first wife.
What?
You were married to
someone before Tina?
For one horrible year.
I got married for
the wrong reasons.
Then I turned around and got
a divorce for the wrong reasons.
Man, I thought I was
just following my heart.
Michael, I've worked
with you for five years.
You've never told me that.
Because I'm not proud of it.
It was before I gave
my life to the Lord,
and, man, I was just
only concerned about
my rights and my needs.
Man, I ruined her life.
But when I gave my life to God,
I tried to find her, but
she'd already remarried.
So believe me when I
tell you I got a big scar.
Man, God meant
marriage to be for life.
That's why you gotta keep
your vows to Catherine.
You gotta beg God to teach
you how to be a good husband.
And don't just follow
your heart, man,
because your heart
can be deceived.
But you gotta lead your heart.
It's just been hard
for me, you know?
I saw my parents
again yesterday,
and, well, Mom's
not doing too well.
It's amazing how much a
stroke can affect somebody's life.
I just...
I feel like she's
trapped, you know?
And Dad does his
best to communicate,
but it's hard for him too.
Catherine, I'm so sorry.
You seem very close to them.
I am.
They had me late
in life so it was like
growing up with grandparents.
So they spoiled you.
Hey, now. I think they
did a pretty good job.
They did. They
should be very proud.
You know, you're kind of
sweet when you wanna be.
Kind of?
Ha-ha. Well, with some training,
I think you could
be a fine gentleman.
Well, are you offering lessons?
So, what does your mom need?
Well, a better wheelchair
and hospital bed
would be at the top of the list.
I've been working with RMS
Medical Supplies to get them,
but it's so expensive.
Well, you can't put a
price on helping your mom.
That's right.
So it's worth the sacrifice.
You know, they're lucky
to have you for a daughter.
Don't look at me like that.
I'm trying to help you out.
Why does it matter
what my bed looks like?
I'm the one that sleeps in it.
What if the chief walks through?
My bed says I take
my job seriously.
Your bed says your mama
didn't help you make it up.
Teaching another rookie
how to make his bed?
Somebody's got to.
That looks as bad as
yours did when I taught you.
Engine 2, Engine 1,
Area 1, Battalion 1.
Respond to 209 11th Avenue.
Structure fire, residence.
Time out, 15:32.
Michael, you got that? Got it.
Wayne, let's roll. Got it.
Engine 1 is en route to 209
11th Avenue, structure fire.
10-4, Engine 1.
Be advised we've
received numerous calls
regarding this structure fire.
All right. That means
there's something to this one.
Make sure you're tightened up.
Remember your training.
Stay with your partner.
Yes, sir.
Engine 1 is 10-23.
We have a single-story brick
dwelling, 30 percent involved.
We'll be using a 1"
and 3-quarter for rescue.
We'll be 11th Avenue Command.
Engine 2, bring me a line.
Be advised there is a
hydrant right next to Engine 1.
Unit 2's clear. One supply line.
Come on, rookie, let's go.
You live here? Is
everyone out of the house?
My daughter's in the neighbor's
house. This is our home.
Please, put that fire out.
We will, just stay clear.
Please, please. Oh, no. No!
Megan, Megan, where's Lacey?
She went home already.
What? She's not at your house?
No, I was just talking
to her on the phone.
Lacey!
- You can't go in there.
- Lacey!
You can't go in there. Let
me go. Please let me go.
My baby!
Let's go, let's go.
Come on, guys, let's go.
Lacey!
My baby. Oh!
Come on, guys. Come on, guys.
Let's go.
It's done. Charge.
Lacey!
Get in there,
guys, get in there.
Lacey.
Lacey! Lacey!
Come on. Over
here, man. Over here.
Back out, back out, back out.
Over here!
There's a hydrant over there.
Give me one supply
line to Engine 1.
Hey, we got two people
inside. We need you.
Hey, hurry up with
that supply line.
Get back in there,
get back in there.
Breathe. Breathe,
Lacey. Breathe for me.
Captain, you gotta
get out of the house.
The roof is about to give.
Captain, do you read
me? You've gotta get out.
God, get me out of
here. Get us out of here.
There, there!
Get the girl. Get the girl.
With the x-ray showing that,
he's left with a partial
thickness burn to the arm.
You look terrible.
I feel terrible.
You gonna be okay?
He sustained some first-degree
burns, but he should be fine.
So this is your husband?
Yes.
Looks like you've got
a hero on your hands.
Sir, I need you to keep this arm
elevated for the next 24 hours,
to help the swelling go down.
Then come back in 48 hours
to get it checked out again.
Well, let me get
out of your way.
Oh, no, you're not in
our way. You can stay.
No, it's all right. I'll
let you do your job.
Sir, I'm gonna get you more
gauze to take home with you
and fill that prescription
for your pain, okay?
I wouldn't put that
ring back on your finger
until your hand has
a chance to heal.
My hand's gonna have to
heal with this ring on my finger.
Mom, it'll be fine.
It's gonna heal up
in a couple of weeks.
Yes, I got it
wrapped up right now.
Can I speak with Dad, please?
Okay, Mom, I got it.
Now, would you please
hand the phone to Dad?
Thank you.
Dad, would you please ask
Mom to cut me some slack?
I'm a fireman. I'm
gonna be around fires.
I know. I know, Dad.
I just don't like
getting grilled
every time she
picks up the phone.
Uh, yeah. Today, Day 23.
But it was hard this morning.
Yeah, the newspaper called
me twice wanting an interview.
Seems I'm a hero with everybody
in the world except my wife.
No. No, I'm not giving up.
Thanks, Dad.
All right, I'll
talk to you later.
Bye.
Caleb, what are you doing?
Why is this so hard?
Day 23: Watch out for parasites.
A parasite is anything
that latches onto
you or your partner
and sucks the life
out of your marriage.
They're usually in the form
of addictions like gambling,
drugs or pornography.
They promise pleasure,
but they grow like a disease
and consume more and more
of your thoughts,
time and money.
They steal away your loyalty
and heart from those you love.
Marriages rarely survive
if parasites are present.
If you love your wife,
you must destroy any
addiction that has your heart.
If you don't, it
will destroy you.
Okay, Lord. No more addictions.
Mr. Rudolph.
Caleb.
You doing okay today?
No, not really.
Irma, I don't want
you talking to that guy.
He is weird.
Takes one to know one.
What?
No.
Good morning. Hi, Mrs.
Evans, how are you?
I'm fine. I hope you are.
I'm doing pretty good.
Um, I actually
wanted to talk to you
about some of the equipment
we've been looking at.
Oh, I bet your
parents are excited.
When a patient gets
the right wheelchair,
it can make such a difference.
I'm sorry, what?
I'm talking about the
bed and wheelchair
we delivered to your
parents this morning.
To my parents?
Yes, they should have
been delivered by now.
But I haven't paid
for anything yet.
Oh, it's actually
already been paid for.
A gentleman called and
said that he wanted to pay
for everything that
you'd picked out.
Actually, he covered everything
plus some accessories.
He said...
Mrs. Holt?
Isn't this wonderful?
Oh, she looks amazing.
Hi, Mom.
Has anyone ever told
you that you're wonderful?
Maybe, but not today.
Gavin, you didn't
have to do that.
Do what? Giving money
to help my parents.
That was so thoughtful.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
It was the least I could do.
Do you have lunch
plans? I do now.
"Dear Catherine.
"I can't tell you how much I've
enjoyed getting to know you.
"I find myself thinking
about you often,
"and I look forward to
seeing you every day.
Gavin."
Uh, yeah, I need to
know if there's a Gavin
that works at the hospital.
Uh, no, I just
have a first name.
Dr. Keller?
Yes? Caleb Holt.
I need a word with you, please.
It's really not a good time.
I'm about to make my rounds.
I think you need to make time.
This is concerning
Catherine, my wife.
All right, what
can I do for you?
I know what you're doing.
And I have no intention
of stepping aside
as you try to steal
my wife's heart.
I've made some
mistakes, but I still love her.
So just know I am
going after her too.
And since I'm married to her,
I'd say I've got a head start.
By the way,
thanks for helping
me with my hand.
My ring finger's feeling
a whole lot better.
Y'all, I just saw
Caleb and Dr. Keller
going at each other.
He had his fist all
knuckled in his face.
Are you serious? Shh.
What are you all talking about?
Hey, Cat, how you doing, girl?
I'm fine. You sure
got quiet really fast.
Well, that's because we
decided to stop talking.
What's up?
I'm setting up an interview
in about 10 minutes,
but I was wondering if you guys
have seen Dr. Keller
this morning.
Um, I think he was doing
rounds, maybe on the 8th Floor.
Okay, well, I'll
see y'all later.
See you.
Why didn't you tell her?
'Cause it ain't our business.
But you told all of us.
I don't want her to know
her business is our business
if it ain't none
of our business.
Oh. Oh.
Hi.
Hey, how are you?
Ugh. Hey, Catherine.
How's the good doctor today?
Uh, pretty busy, actually.
Are we still on for lunch?
You know, there's a few
things I need to catch up on.
I've gotten a
little behind lately.
Okay.
Um, well, maybe
we could talk later.
That'd be good.
All right, um, see you around.
See you.
Hello, Catherine. Oh,
hi, Anna. How are you?
I'm doing well. And you?
I'm okay, I guess. Do
you wanna sit down?
I'd love to if I'm
not disturbing you.
Not at all.
So, what's been going
on in your life these days?
We haven't talked in a while.
Well, it... It's been
one of those years.
Oh? Good or bad?
You know, I hate to
say it, but mostly bad.
Hm.
You know when you
get to a fork in the road
and you know that
either way you go
is gonna change your life?
Life does give
you some of those.
Excuse me just a minute.
So have you decided
which path to take?
Um, I think so.
It's just hard not to
second-guess yourself.
Pardon me, I don't mean to pry,
but does this
concern relationships?
It does.
Catherine, you're so young.
I would encourage you to
make your choices carefully.
I'm trying to.
But I'm also tired
of feeling empty.
Anna, it's so nice to
have someone treat you
like they really care about you.
Forgive me, but
you're talking about
a certain young
doctor, aren't you?
I suppose it's no secret
as much as he and I talk.
I couldn't help but notice
how you act around each other.
But I also wonder how
your husband would feel.
My husband has had his chance.
And Dr. Keller is a good man.
He treats me better than my
husband has treated me in years.
He listens to me and
makes me feel important.
I haven't felt that way
in a very long time.
It's always good
to have that, but...
But, sweetheart, if this
doctor is trying to woo you
while you're still married,
what makes you think he
won't do that with someone else?
Ahem. I don't think I
wanna talk about this, Anna.
We're getting a little personal.
Oh, Catherine, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to
overstep my bounds.
I need to go. It's
good to see you, Anna.
♪ I'm waiting ♪
♪ I'm waiting on you, Lord ♪
♪ And I am hopeful ♪
♪ Though it is painful ♪
♪ But patiently
I wait and wait ♪
♪ I will move ahead ♪
♪ Bold and confident ♪
♪ Taking every
step In obedience ♪
♪ While I'm waiting ♪
♪ I will serve you ♪
♪ I will worship ♪
♪ While I'm waiting ♪
♪ I will not faint ♪
♪ I'll be running the race ♪
♪ Even while I wait ♪
♪ I'm waiting ♪
♪ I'm waiting on you, Lord ♪
♪ And I am peaceful ♪
♪ Though it's not easy No ♪
♪ But faithfully I will wait ♪
♪ Yes, I will wait ♪
♪ And I will move ahead ♪
♪ Bold and confident ♪
♪ I'll be taking every step ♪
♪ In obedience ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ While I'm waiting ♪
♪ I will serve you ♪
♪ I will worship ♪
♪ While I'm waiting ♪
♪ I will not faint ♪
♪ And I will serve you ♪
♪ While I'm waiting ♪
♪ I will worship ♪
♪ I will serve ♪
♪ I will serve you
While I'm waiting ♪
♪ I will worship
Catherine, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Aren't you going to work?
No.
Are you sick?
I'll be fine.
Is it your allergies?
I said I'll be fine.
Don't worry about me.
Because if you need
something, I can go to the store.
No, I'm okay. You can go.
Okay.
Can you sit up for me?
You got a fever.
Here.
You think you can take this?
Why are you doing this?
I have learned you
never leave your partner.
Especially in a fire.
Caleb, what's happened to you?
Dad asked me if there
was anything in me
that wanted to
save our marriage.
And then he gave me something.
Um...
I-I could let you read it.
Was it this?
How long have you known?
I found it yesterday.
So, what day are you on?
Uh, forty-three.
There's only 40.
Who says I have to stop?
Caleb,
I don't know how
to process this.
This is not normal for you.
Welcome to the new normal.
You didn't wanna do
this at first, did you?
No.
But halfway through, I realized
that I did not understand
what love was.
And once I understood that,
I wanted to do it.
Caleb, I want to
believe that this is real.
But I am not ready to
say that I trust you again.
I understand that.
But whether you ever
reach that point or not,
I need you to
understand something.
I am sorry.
I have been so selfish.
For the past seven years,
I have trampled on you
with my words and
with my actions.
I have loved other things
when I should have loved you.
In the last few weeks,
God has given me a love for
you that I had never had before.
And I have asked
him to forgive me.
And I am hoping,
I am praying
that somehow you would
be able to forgive me too.
Catherine, I do not want to live
the rest of my life without you.
Caleb, I'm supposed to
give those divorce papers
to my lawyer next week.
I just, um...
I need some time
to think.
You can have all
the time you need.
Hello, Mrs. Holt,
how are you today?
Fine, thanks.
I hope your parents
are doing well.
That new bed and wheelchair
are certainly helping.
I'm so glad.
Well, what can I
do for you today?
You know, I just need
to pick up a few linens
for the hospital bed for my mom.
Sure, we have some in stock.
Great, that's the only thing
that wasn't covered
by the doctor
when he purchased
that bed and wheelchair.
The doctor?
Yes, Dr. Keller, our
secret philanthropist.
Uh, I don't think Dr. Keller
covered those things.
No, I'm sure he did. I
spoke with him about it.
Mrs. Holt, if I
remember correctly,
$24,300 was given for
the bed and wheelchair,
but Dr. Keller was
not the main giver.
What?
Of the amount given,
Dr. Keller gave $300.
Then who gave the other?
Your husband, Caleb.
He came in about two weeks
ago and paid for everything.
I assumed you knew.
Two weeks ago?
Yes, he told me
not to tell anyone,
but I didn't think
that included you.
It was the Tuesday before last.
He called and
asked what the price
of a particular bed
and wheelchair were.
And I looked it up and...
Oh, where is it?
Oh, stop crying.
Okay, explain RECEO.
Oh.
He ain't gonna get it.
Rescue, exposure,
containment, extinguish...
Captain, can I see
you for a minute?
Right now?
Yes, sir.
Something wrong?
Catherine is in the bay.
My Catherine? Yes, sir.
Catherine?
If I haven't told you
that you are a good man,
you are.
And if I haven't told you
that I've forgiven you,
I have.
And if I haven't told you
that I love you,
I do.
Something has
changed in you, Caleb.
And I want what happened
to you to happen to me.
It can.
Is it too late to ask you
to grow old with me?
♪ So come back to light
To the love you will find ♪
♪ It's been here all along ♪
♪ So come back to the start ♪
♪ And you'll find
In your heart... ♪
Yes!
What are you looking at?
Hey, back up. There
ain't nothing to see here.
Why? What's going on?
Go back to your business.
Caleb's starting a fire.
Why's he starting...?
It ain't that kind of fire.
Go back to your
business. Go... Hey.
Put you on cleanup duty.
♪ Just take the rope ♪
♪ I won't let it go ♪
♪ Give in ♪
♪ We can start again ♪
♪ I'm life, I'm hope ♪
♪ And I'm ready to explode ♪
♪ With how bad I
want you back home ♪
♪ So come back to the light
To the love you will find ♪
♪ It's been here all along ♪
♪ So come back to start
And you'll find in your heart ♪
♪ That you always belonged ♪
♪ So come back to the life
To the love you will find ♪
♪ It's been here all along ♪
♪ So come back to the start ♪
♪ That you'll find
In your heart... ♪
Good morning,
Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph.
Caleb.
I don't understand that boy.
♪ To me ♪
How are you?
Hi, son.
I'm getting to where I
know this trail pretty well.
You're welcome
to walk it anytime.
I just might.
I wanna thank you, Dad.
The love dare changed my life.
God changed your life.
The love dare was
just a tool he used.
I've already given it
to one of my firemen.
Good. It's meant
to be passed on.
I just can't tell you
how grateful I am
that you didn't
give up on me, Dad.
Or on Mom, for that matter.
Caleb, I wanna be a godly man.
And I'm learning so much.
But there's something
I haven't told you.
I wrote that notebook
in my own handwriting
because I knew you
would accept it from me.
But I didn't do the
love dare on your mom.
She did it to me.
What?
Son,
I was the one that
wanted to leave.
But God got ahold of your mother
and she prayed,
and loved me unconditionally.
It was through her example
that I came to Christ.
Mom did this?
She's such a blessing to me.
And she's grown so much.
I love her with all my heart.
Dad, I...
I have treated her so wrong.
Caleb,
she deserves your respect.
Mom. Mom, I'm so sorry.
Mom, I didn't
know. I didn't know.
It's all right, son.
It's okay. It's all right.
Mom, please forgive me.
I do, Caleb. You're forgiven.
I love you.
I love you too, Mom.
I love you so much.
I love you, Caleb.
We've gathered here
today to celebrate
the reaffirmation of vows
with Caleb and Catherine.
And whereas this
may be the second time
they have made a
commitment to this marriage,
it is the first time they've
done so on a foundation
of faith in Jesus Christ.
"It is the desire of
Caleb and Catherine
"to establish their
vows from this point on
"as a covenant
and not a contract.
"For marriage is a sacred
institution established by God,
and one that is
meant to last for life."
"Caleb, in the presence of
God and these witnesses,
"do you come today to freely
and unconditionally commit
to this covenant
marriage to Catherine?"
I do.
"And Catherine,
do you come today
"to freely and
unconditionally commit
to this covenant
marriage to Caleb?"
I do.
With all my heart.
Genesis 2:24 says:
For this reason, a man shall
leave his father and mother
and shall be joined to his wife,
and the two shall
become one flesh.
♪ Love is not a place ♪
♪ To come and go As we please ♪
♪ It's a house we answer in ♪
♪ Then commit to never leave ♪
♪ So lock the door behind you ♪
♪ Throw away the key ♪
♪ Work it out together ♪
♪ Let it bring us To our knees ♪
♪ Love is a shelter ♪
♪ In a raging storm ♪
♪ Love is peace ♪
♪ In the middle of a war ♪
♪ If we try to leave ♪
♪ May God send angels
To guard the door ♪
♪ No, love is not a fight ♪
♪ But it's something
Worth fighting for ♪
♪ To some love is a word ♪
♪ That they can fall into ♪
♪ But when they're Falling out ♪
♪ Keeping that
word Is hard to do ♪
♪ Love is a shelter ♪
♪ In a raging storm ♪
♪ Love is peace ♪
♪ In the middle of a war ♪
♪ If we try to leave ♪
♪ May God send angels
To guard the door ♪
♪ No, love is not a fight ♪
♪ But it's something
Worth fighting for ♪
♪ Love will come to save us ♪
♪ If we'll only call ♪
♪ He will ask nothing from us ♪
♪ But demand we give our all ♪
♪ Love is a shelter ♪
♪ In a raging storm ♪
♪ Love is peace ♪
♪ In the middle of a war ♪
♪ If we try to leave ♪
♪ May God send angels
To guard the door ♪
♪ No, love is not a fight ♪
♪ But it's something
Worth fighting for ♪
♪ I will fight for you ♪
♪ Would you fight for me? ♪
♪ It's worth fighting for ♪